Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to speak about the difference between recording macros and writing VB a coat.
So when you run a recorded macro Excel just repeats the steps you recorded exactly as
you've recorded them.
So you record some steps and excel will just repeat them exactly as they have been recorded
.
However,
when you write VB a code,
you get much more power and it enables more functionality on your code so you can make
decisions and repeat actions and much more So recording macros has limited functionality
and writing code opens a world of possibilities.
And this is what we're gonna learn on this course.
We're gonna learn mainly how to write vb a coat.
So let's have an example here.
Let's say we have this stable here,
having some sales persons and their commissions so you can see here We've got some sales
persons and the commission of each sales person,
so I could record a macro too bold the names of the sales persons.
Okay,
So as you can see air,
I could record a macro to just build the names of all sales persons,
and you can see her.
The names have been bold ID,
however,
in order to have a macro bold the name of a sales person on Lee.
If their commission is greater than $10,000 this cannot be done by recording.
So is absolutely impossible to record a macro that can make a decision to bulled the name
based on the commission.
If it's more than $10,000 However,
this can be easily achieved when I write VB a code or when I write my Mac Rose.
So this very simple case can show you that writing VB a code is much more powerful than
recording macros.
So someone could ask,
Why would we have the option than to record Micro's?
So why did Microsoft include the option?
If it's just better to write VB a code?
Well,
there are a couple of reasons for that.
The 1st 1 is that someone might not be able to write VB a code.
He didn't have the skill to do so,
and he might be wanting to do a task that is fairly simple,
so he can just record that macro and just play whenever he wants to achieve that task.
And the second thing is that sometimes you may want to write a macro to do something.
However,
you do not know the method or property for that thing that you want to do.
So you don't know the property to change or the method that would enable you to do that.
And we will speak about methods and properties later on in the course.
But you basically don't know what co two,
right.
So you could record the action in order to know what piece of code to write and then take
it from there and start writing your macro.
And this is a very common way to learn about something that you do not know how to do in
Excel v b A.
So you just record it.
No,
the method or property that you need to use and just take it from there.
Start writing your coat.
OK,
so this was a quick overview about the difference between recording macros and writing VB a
code.
Thank you very much,
guys watching this video and I'll see you on the next one